README.md, before:

# OllyChat

OllyChat is an open source AI tool to chat with your observability data and run devops tasks.

## Features

- Chat with your observability data
- Build custom AI agents for DevOps
- [See a few questions you can ask](DEMO.md)

## OllyChat in CLI

![CLI Demo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alexkroman/ollychat/refs/heads/main/public/cli-demo-2.gif)

## OllyChat in Slack

![Slack Demo](https://github.com/alexkroman/ollychat/blob/main/public/slack-demo.gif?raw=true)

## Supported Observability Platforms

- Prometheus
- New Relic (coming soon)
- DataDog (coming soon)

## Supported LLM's

- OpenAI
- Anthropic

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js
- npm

### Installation

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/alexkroman/ollychat.git

cd ollychat

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Set up configuration
cp example.env .env
```

### Configuration

Edit `.env` with your settings

### Asking Questions in the CLI

```bash
# Start the CLI
npm run cli:start

# Example questions
> what's the health status of my cluster?
> any alerts?
> which pods are consuming the most memory?
```

### Optional Slack Integration

1. Create a Slack App:
   - Visit [Slack API](https://api.slack.com/apps)
   - Click "Create New App" → "From an app manifest"
   - Select your workspace
   - Copy content from `slack-manifest.json`

2. Install the app to your workspace:
   - Navigate to "Install App" in your Slack App settings
   - Click "Install to Workspace"
   - Grant requested permissions

3. Start the Slack bot:
  
   ```bash
   # Start the Slack backend
   npm run slack:start
   ```

### Asking Questions in Slack

Invite @olly to your team or incident channel. 

- @olly what's the health status of my cluster?
- @olly any alerts?
- @olly which pods are consuming the most memory?

## Contributing

### Run tests

```bash
npm test
```

### Run linter

```bash
npm run lint
```

### Generate evaluation run

When you make changes to the app you should generate an evaluation run to test your change against ground truths.

```bash
# Load the latest version of the evaluation data
npm run evals:load

# Run the evaluations
npm run evals:start
```

## License

Ollychat is MIT licensed. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.

Commit message:

call out free prom server

README.md, after:

# OllyChat

OllyChat is an open source AI tool to chat with your observability data and run devops tasks.

You can try OllyChat easily by pointing it at our demo Prometheus server: http://34.123.158.139:9090

## Features

- Chat with your observability data
- Build custom AI agents for DevOps
- [See a few questions you can ask](DEMO.md)

## OllyChat in CLI

![CLI Demo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alexkroman/ollychat/refs/heads/main/public/cli-demo-2.gif)

## OllyChat in Slack

![Slack Demo](https://github.com/alexkroman/ollychat/blob/main/public/slack-demo.gif?raw=true)

## Supported Observability Platforms

- Prometheus
- New Relic (coming soon)
- DataDog (coming soon)

## Supported LLM's

- OpenAI
- Anthropic

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js
- npm

### Installation

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/alexkroman/ollychat.git

cd ollychat

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Set up configuration
cp example.env .env
```

### Configuration

Edit `.env` with your settings

### Asking Questions in the CLI

```bash
# Start the CLI
npm run cli:start

# Example questions
> what's the health status of my cluster?
> any alerts?
> which pods are consuming the most memory?
```

### Optional Slack Integration

1. Create a Slack App:
   - Visit [Slack API](https://api.slack.com/apps)
   - Click "Create New App" → "From an app manifest"
   - Select your workspace
   - Copy content from `slack-manifest.json`

2. Install the app to your workspace:
   - Navigate to "Install App" in your Slack App settings
   - Click "Install to Workspace"
   - Grant requested permissions

3. Start the Slack bot:
  
   ```bash
   # Start the Slack backend
   npm run slack:start
   ```

### Asking Questions in Slack

Invite @olly to your team or incident channel. 

- @olly what's the health status of my cluster?
- @olly any alerts?
- @olly which pods are consuming the most memory?

## Contributing

### Run tests

```bash
npm test
```

### Run linter

```bash
npm run lint
```

### Generate evaluation run

When you make changes to the app you should generate an evaluation run to test your change against ground truths.

```bash
# Load the latest version of the evaluation data
npm run evals:load

# Run the evaluations
npm run evals:start
```

## License

Ollychat is MIT licensed. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.
